Added a brief intro do HADDOCK3 (#514)
haddocking/haddock3: docs/intro.md

# A brieft introduction to HADDOCK3

> HADDOCK3 is the next generation of integrative modelling software in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HADDOCK3 is the next generation integrative modelling software in the
```

long-lasting HADDOCK project. It represents a complete rethinking and rewriting
of the HADDOCK2.X series, implementing a new way to interact with HADDOCK and
offering new features to users who can now define custom workflows. 

In the previous HADDOCK2.x versions, users had access to a highly

> parameterisable yet rigid simulation pipeline composed of three mandatory steps:

Reviewer: was "water" always mandatory in 2.x?

Reviewer 2: Not really - may-be instead of water we can rather call it: final refinement

and several new modules added, including third-party software additions. As a
result, the modularisation achieved in HADDOCK3 allows users to duplicate steps
within one workflow (e.g., to repeat twice the `it1` stage of the HADDOCK2.x
rigid workflow).

Note that, for simplification purposes, at this time, not all functionalities of
HADDOCK2.x have been ported to HADDOCK3, which does not (yet) support NMR RDC,
PCS and diffusion anisotropy restraints, cryo-EM restraints and coarse-graining.
Any type of information that can be converted into ambiguous interaction
restraints can, however, be used in HADDOCK3, which also supports the
*ab initio* docking modes of HADDOCK.

![HADDOCK3 workflow](figs/HADDOCK3-workflow-scheme.png)

To keep HADDOCK3's modules organised, we catalogued them into several
categories. But, there are no constraints on piping modules of different
categories.

The main module's categories are "topology", "sampling", "refinement",
"scoring", and "analysis". There is no limit to how many modules can belong to a
category. Modules are added as developed, and new categories will be created
if/when needed. You can access the HADDOCK3 documentation page for the list of

> all categories and modules. Below is a summary of the available modules:

Reviewer: as this is not crucial for the user, I would maybe reduce the lenght of this paragraph

Author: They are for the understanding of the project and the different modules. That's how we are presenting them in talks. Let's keep it for now and let the text evolve as we read it more times in the future. Many thanks!

* **Topology modules**
    * `topoaa`: *generates the all-atom topologies for the CNS engine.*
* **Sampling modules**
    * `rigidbody`: *Rigid body energy minimisation with CNS (`it0` in haddock2.x).*
    * `lightdock`: *Third-party glow-worm swam optimisationdocking software.*
    * `gdock`: *Third-party genetic algorithm-based docking software.*
* **Model refinement modules**
    * `flexref`: *Semi-flexible refinement using a simulated annealing protocol through molecular dynamics simulations in torsion angle space (`it1` in haddock2.x).*
    * `emref`: *Refinement by energy minimisation (`itw` EM only in haddock2.4).*
    * `mdref`: *Refinement by a short molecular dynamics simulation in explicit solvent (`itw` in haddock2.X).*
* **Scoring modules**
    * `emscoring`: *scoring of a complex performing a short EM (builds the topology and all missing atoms).*
    * `mdscoring`: *scoring of a complex performing a short MD in explicit solvent + EM (builds the topology and all missing atoms).*
* **Analysis modules**
    * `caprieval`: *Calculates CAPRI metrics (i-RMDS, l-RMSD, Fnat, DockQ) with respect to the top scoring model or reference structure if provided.*

>     * `clusterfcc`: *Clusters models based on the fraction of common contacts (FCC)*
>     * `clusterrmsd`: *Clusters models based on pairwise RMSD matrix calculated with the `rmsdmatrix` module.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `clustfcc`: *Clusters models based on the fraction of common contacts (FCC)*
    * `clustrmsd`: *Clusters models based on pairwise RMSD matrix calculated with the `rmsdmatrix` module.*
```
